This is the home page of bhuvan. This site will help in navigation to all the services, datasets, maps and features of bhuvan.
This site will help you navigate Aadhar Card centers. It has capability to show all Aadhar card center all across India. It can also show Aadhar card centers in specific range radius of your home. You can also select various center categories, which include: Center for Aadhar Enrolment and update, Center for child enrolment (Age group 0-5). Center for Demographic Update (Address, Mobile, Email), Center for Mobile Number Update. You can also search Aadhar Card centers statewise, or by their names or even by their pincodes.
This site will help you to navigate various MGNREGA Assets generated in various different categories. It provides Block level dataset which can help to plan future activities and check status of current ones. You can also access MGNREGA Dashboard at  https://bhuvan-app2.nrsc.gov.in/mgnrega/nrega_dashboard_phase2/#
This site is go to place for downloading data. You can download data sourced from Satellites, Sensors, Products and different Projects.
This is the website for bhuvan 2D. Any query concerning Bhuvan 2D can be answered here. Bhuvan website allows you to access and view a variety of content, including but not limited to IRS imagery, map and terrain data, geospatial vector information like administrative boundaries, soils, census data and other related information provided by Bhuvan, its licensors, and its users (the "Content"). You understand and agree to the following: Image data and map data, and related content are provided for viewing purposes only. You should exercise judgment in your use of this content. By using the website, you do not receive any, and DOS/ISRO/NRSC and/or its licensors and users retain all ownership rights in the content. You may not use, access or allow others to use or access the content in any manner not permitted under this Terms of service, unless you have been specifically permitted to do so by DOS/ISRO/NRSC or by the owner of that content, in a separate agreement. Certain content is provided from other department/organisation, including but not limited to Survey of India (SOI), NBSS & LUB, Registrar General and Census Commissioner, SRTM and is subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights owned by or licensed to such third parties. You may be held liable for any unauthorized copying or disclosure of this content. The Application is best viewed in Latest Version of Firefox. You can navigate to new Bhuvan 2D website here : https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/bhuvan2d/bhuvan/bhuvan2d.php
This is the home page of bhuvan. This site will help in navigation to all the services, datasets, maps and features of bhuvan.
This is Bhuvan API. Using Bhuvan API you can integrate different themes and resources available at Bhuvan into your own applications. You can implement APIs like proximity, thematic statistics, routing, geoids etc, all using access tokens.
This site will enable you to check status of houses under Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs Housing for All (PMAY) program. This enables us to check status of all the benificiary houses in a region and the stage of development they are currently in. It also helps to identify unauthorised houses in a specific district. You can also search house status by benificiary ID. This is for entire India.
This site will enable you to check status of houses under Andhra Pradesh (AP) state housing corporation. This enables us to check status of all the benificiary houses in a region and the stage of development they are currently in. It also helps to identify unauthorised houses in a specific district. You can also search house status by benificiary ID. This is speciically for Andhra Pradesh.
This site is for NTR Vaidya Seva Trust. This site will help you to find Dru stores, Hospitals and Blood banks near your location.
This is Bhuvan Discussions Forum. Here you get a chance to read various queries of user and their respective answers. You can ask your queries here and the community will help you out. Here you can ask queries related to all bhuvan platforms.
This is Water Bodies Information System. Using this you can gather information about various water bodies in India. You can obtain information about various water quality parameters as well as get map containing features. You can access specific water body information by giving water body ID.
Page under mantainence
Bhuvan Yuktdhara facilitates planning of new MGNREGA assets using Remote Sensing and GIS based information. It cannot be accessed by the regular users.
Bhuvan 3D shows three dimensional representation of objects on Bhuvan platform. This enables Multi sensor, Multi platform and Multi temporal data display along with the height information. Users can find terrain profile along with other features like- capture screenshot, info, add layer, draw layer, measure area etc. 3D globe displays satellite imagery and it can be changed to view the globe as maps instead of satellite imagery. Bhuvan 3D provides facility to overlay Administrative boundaries, Road and Rail, Panchayat boundaries, Sub Basin, Basin and River layers. Bhuvan 3D provides visualization of 3D models for six Cities. Bhuvan facilitates to obtain the 3D models from the community. If they can share the 3D models in required format with us, after validation it will be hosted on to the public domain.
This site contains all information about Human Resources, National Resources Census (NR Census) and Census 2011. It enables us to access all colleges by filtering them by State, District and Funding Status and type. We can also access NR Census containing data on land use, Geomorphology, Ground Water Prospects, Soil, Conservation & Survey, Desertification, Environment, Forest, Pollution, River Conservationa and Wildlife. Using Census 2011 you can access statewise data.
This site is of Geographical Indications (GI) of India. A  Geographical Indication (GI) is an indication which identifies products as originating from a specific geographical region, where a given quality, reputation and other characteristics of the product are essentially attributable to its geographical origin. You can get more information on https://search.ipindia.gov.in/GIRPublic
This website contains information about birds or flycatchers. You can filter the data based on species of birds, their local name or their sighted locations.
This site is School Bhuvan - NCERT. This is a portal providing map based learning to bring awareness among the students about country's natural resources, environment and their role in sustainable development. This portal enables students to explore various level of mapping. They can create points, lines and polygons on maps.
Under Update
About IWMP : The main objectives of the IWMP are to restore the ecological balance by harnessing, conserving and developing degraded natural resources such as soil, vegetative cover and water. The outcomes are prevention of soil run-off, regeneration of natural vegetation, rain water harvesting and recharging of the ground water table. Bhuvan IWMP-SRISHTI: Montioring and Evaluation. A Web based GIS application (Geoportal) enabling the monitoring and evaluation of IWMP watersheds, using satellite remote sensing and sample field data using mobile smart phone applications has been realised. This Geoportal facilitates M&E of all IWMP watersheds for 10 states and 50 special watersheds in 16 states. Salient Features : The geoportal enables image and map display, monitoring tools, summary statistics of all the IWMP watersheds. The application enables National, State, District and watershed level access for information and report generation.
Tourism Web GIS through Bhuvan facilitates the users to select the city/tourism places of their interest and find the places of interest, search nearby places along with routing. If you wish to share the data of your favorite city, please mail to bhuvan[at] nrsc[dot]gov[dot]in.
This is site for Forests of Himachal Pradesh. You can access forest data on topics such as Know your Forest, LULC, Wasteland, Watershed, Village locations, Current and Archived Fire locations, Forest Fire regimes, Asset management, Green India Mission – Entry point JFMC, GIM plantation, Bio carbon plantation, Climate Vulnerability, Wild life sanctuary locations etc.
This webpage contains data on natural disasters. You can track Recent Floods, flood inundation layers, Vulnerable Areas of Bengaluru, Vulnerable Areas of Chennai, Tamil Nadu Heavy Rains, Mumbai Heavy Rains, Uttarakhand Flash Floods, Recent Flood Maps & VAPS - TS,KA, MH, Vulnerable areas of Hyderabad, Flood Duration Map. You can also access Crowd sourced data, historical floofs, cropped area affected, flood annual layers, flood hazard zones, aggregated foods and documents.
This webpage contains data on floods exclusively. If user wants information floods such as affected areas, vulnerable areas,
Various thematic layers for land use land cover data, urban land use, waste land, glacial lake water bodies, geomorphology, lineament, flood hazard, flood annual layers, erosion, salt effected and water logging, water bodies and urban sprawl are available for visualization on this link. All these layers have the provision to be accessed as WMS service through various clients like OpenLayers, QGIS, ArcGIS etc. These services can also be linked to website in internet or local area network. These thematic layers are available only on Bhuvan for India and this makes Bhuvan unique. API's are being developed for these layers for easy usage on other websites.List of available thematic maps- Land Use Land Cover (LULC), Wasteland Geomorphology Lineament Urban Land Use Urban Sprawl Erosion Water Bodies Salt Affected & Water Logged Area, Flood Hazard, Flood Annual Layers, Glacial Lakes and Water bodies (Indian Himalayan region).
Using this website you can access Bhuvan IMD Weather products. Using Bhuvan IMD Weather products, You can get daily, weekly, fortnightly or monthly average weather parameters visualized directly on map.
This wbsite is about Geo-tagging of Assets created under Per Drop More Crop (PDMC) component of PMKSY using Geospatial Technologies. The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana (PMKSY) was launched on 1st July, 2015 with the major objective of achieving convergence of investments in irrigation at the field level, expand cultivable area under assured irrigation, improve on-farm water use efficiency to reduce wastage of water, enhance the adoption of precision-irrigation and other water saving technologies is re-christened as Per Drop More Crop (PDMC). Link for Citizens: https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/pdmc/index_pdmc.php?type=citizen, for admin: https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/pdmc/index_pdmc.php?type=admin, for state moderator: https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/pdmc/index_pdmc.php?type=moderator, for district moderator: https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/pdmc/index_pdmc.php?type=moderator1.
This website is for Hot Weather Outlook. Consists of Temperature-based Heat (TBH), Moisture and Temperature-based Heat (MTBH) maps indicate areas with potential for extreme heat conditions through daily maximum temperatures (in °C) and their deviation from climatological values. Available for land and ocean.
This is the site for Bhuvan Ganga application. You can use this website to access information about the Ganges or the Ganga river. You can also filter the data on fields such as Administrative boundary, Drainage, Pollution, Sources, Water, Quality, Utilities , Treatment, Plants, Monitoring, Locations, Project related information, National park and Sanctuary, Others Query, VillageStatistics, New Ganga Flood Plain Overlay, Field Data, Varanasi Ghats 3D View Kumbhmela -2013 Mobile App Download.
This is the URL for Telangana forest cover. You can check forest cover, land use, land cover, wasteland and various inventory points at the link.
This is the URL for Punjab forest cover. You can check forest cover, land use, land cover, wasteland and various inventory points at the link.
This website is for weather client enviornment modelled product. It is capable of showing weather data on the selected date across 6 wide parameters - Surface Temperature, Surface Wind Speed, Rainfall, Totals Total index, K index, Relative Humidity.
This is the URL for Karnataka forest cover. You can check forest cover, land use, land cover, wasteland and various inventory points at the link. You can also explore Fire Management, Asset Management, Change Monitoring, Greening India, Wildlife, Online POI, Mapper POI, Data Viewer, Cadastral Forest Maps.
This website contains all data about Haryana. User can find various types of information of Haryana including information on Administrative Boundaries,   Active Agricultural Fire, Agriculture & Soils, Census (2011), Geology & Mines, Ground Water Prospects, Land Use Land Cover, Revenue Boundary, Urban, HUDA, PHED, ITI, HFD and HSIIDC.
This site contains information about Lost River Saraswati - About `Lost River Saraswati' - The `Lost Saraswati River' in NW India is the holiest and mightiest river of the Vedic Period (8000-5000 BP). The discovery of the sites of Harappan civilization along the banks of the Saraswati River indicates towards its mighty and magnanimity. Vedic Saraswati River originated in the Himalayas and flowed between Indus River in the west and Ganges River in the east through Punjab, Haryana, western Rajasthan and Gujarat. It is finally drained into Gulf of Kachchh in Arabian Sea. The Vedic Saraswati River disappeared around 5000 BP due to climatic and tectonic changes. It is believed that River Saraswati is still flowing below the Thar desert and its Himalayan connectivity is alive. The relict of this lost river is preserved as palaeochannels under the cover of aeolian sand / alluvium.
This website contains web view of global map. You can explore various locations and browse data.
This site is for Pradhan Mantri Jan Vikas Karyakram and is by Ministry of Minority Affairs. Using this website you can track various projects and resources allocated towards welfare of minorities, their current status of development and you can filter them by location and type of project.
This website is for anganwadi schools by ministry of women and child development. Using this website you can find the status of various anganwadi schools. You can also filter the anganwadi schools by their IDs.
No permission
This website contains information on COVID - 19 or coronavirus. It contains time series data of patients who have been affected, are currently suffering from or have been deceased due to COVID-19. Portal also enables users to view COVID-19 or corona data statewise and districtwise.
This is website by ministry of enviornment, forest and climate change. This is website for centeralised resource inventoy system. You can find information about the following resources on the website: Autonomous Body, Centre of Excellence, ENVIS Centre, Focal Point, Institute/Stat. Body/Regd. Society, Ministry, Public Sector Undertaking, Regional Office, Subordinate Office
This website is for Bhuvan NOEDA Data Products. This website is go to place for accessing anykind of data on Bhuvan website. It contains data for Satellite Products, Terrestrial Sciences Products, Ocean Sciences Products, Atmospheric and Climate Sciences Products, Cryospheric Products Products, ISRO Geosphere Biosphere Programme Products and finally Bhuvan Thematic Services.
Bhuvan RBI - To Support RBI for mapping and effective management for all banks in India. Geotagging initiative is taken up using an android app to precisely locate RBI various banking units like Branch/ATMs/Administrative Office/Electronic Kiosk etc,. through Bhuvan Geoportal. Portal provides facility to visualise asset spread in the context of high resolution image backdrop with GIS analytical capabilities.
This is the sitemap for the bhuvan portal. This contains index of all the webpages of bhuvan. User can use this portal to explore different bhuvan websites and obtain the services, which they might be looking for. It is dashboard for Geospatial Governance.
This is the learning portal for bhuvan. Here user can explore various aspects of data of India. It provides data for Climate, Advancing Monsoon, Annual Rainfall, Retreating Monsoon, Seasonal Rainfall, Drainage, Natural Vegetation & Wildlife, Physical Features, Population, Census (2011), Admin Boundary, Hydrological Boundary, Agriculture, Conventional Energy Sources, Industry, Mineral, Power Plants, Soil, Transportation, Water Resource.
This is go to portal for tourism exploration on bhuvan. This provides information about hotels, travel and tourist places for tourists in different cities along with pictures of tourist places. You can also browse top tourist destinations in the place.
unable to access
Municipal GIS in Bhuvan projects facilitates citizens to know about the wards and facilities available, various schemes executed by the government, grievances redressal system besides facilitating administrators/planners to have a one stop online planning tools towards better governance. You can give house no. or locality no. to explore various municipal maps of your city.
This portal is for accessing toll information on various roads on India. This website is by Ministry of Road Transport and Highways along with National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). You can browse different categories of tolls : Public funded, BOT, OMT, SPV and Bridges
The performance of the existing irrigation systems (particularly, the Major and Medium irrigation projects) suffer from low water use efficiency, distribution losses, poor operational maintenance and management of soil salinity, water logging and tail end problems. Space-borne multi-spectral data by virtue of synoptic coverage of a fairly large area at regular interval has been found to be very useful in generating information on the status of irrigation commands for objective evaluation and for taking up corrective measures. NRSC carried out performance evaluation of command areas using satellite remote sensing data across several irrigation projects in India. Baseline study of water use efficiency of 10 medium irrigation projects in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh States is conducted by NRSC in collaboration with WALAMTARI with the objectives to assess the irrigated area and irrigation system performance for the projects under consideration for the year 2016- 2017 with satellite inputs coupled with infield measurements. The portal depicts the various elements of the 10 medium irrigation projects under investigation. The various geo-spatial data sets cover administrative, infrastructure, topographic/terrain, thematic, hydrological, irrigation and socio-economic aspects. The portal hosts ground truth data collected by field functionaries. The portal also enables periodic updation of dynamic field data on irrigation canal supplies and reservoir storage.
This is portal for mines. Any data for mines could be obtained on this website. You can also view Wasteland maps and Land Use maps.
This is portal for accessing agricultural information on bhuvan portal. This portal provides information on various agricultural domains such as Animal Husbandry, Dairy, Fisheries, Agricultural Produces, Storage Marketing & Prices, Sericulture Soil and Water Conservation, Irrigation,  River, Reservoirs & Lakes, Ganga Action Plan,  Drainage Network
The portal depicts the Indian Region Deltas characteristics through a range of geo-spatial data, integrated from multitude sources. You can select deltas and get information about the same delta such as : Administrative Boundaries,  Identify Features, Infrastructure, Topography, Thematic Datasets, Hydrological, Meteorological Data, Disaster Specific Dataset, Socio Economic Data, Hydrological Model derivatives
This portal is for Live CDMA Property Tax Data Mapping. This can provide status of property wether it has been accepted, rejected or inquiry is pending.
This portal is for the state of Andhra Pradesh. User can obtain a large amount of data about Andhra Pradesh (AP). This includes data such as : Administrative Layers, Agriculture & Soils, Census (2011), Disaster Specific Dataset. Election - 2014, Forest, Geology & Mines, Ground Water Prospects, Irrigation, Land Use Land Cover, Revenue Boundary, Santhipuram, Topography, Tourism, Urban, Water Resource
Routing error
This portal provides ability to translate various indian languages. You can translate languages such as Assamese, Bengali, Gujarati, Hindi,  Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Malayalam,  Marathi, Nepali, Odia, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.
This website contains information on forest fires. This provides maps and various informations about forest fire.
Sorry, you are not authorized to view this application...
This portal is for Geo tagging of Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna (RKVY). RKVY has been the flagship scheme of DAC&FW for achieving and sustaining the desired growth rate of agriculture and allied sectors in the country during 11th and 12th Five Year plan periods. Till date over 12000 projects have been sanctioned by the states under RKVY of which large number pertain to creation of infrastructure and assets. Geotagging initiative is taken up using an android app to precisely locate RKVY assets through Bhuvan Geoportal. Portal provides facility to visualise asset spread in the context of high resolution image backdrop with GIS analytical capabilities.
This website is for Satellite based AIBP Monitoring. Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Program (AIBP) was launched by Government of India during 1996-97 to provide financial assistance to State Governments with the aim of speeding up the implementation of on-going irrigation projects. Monitoring of the projects covered under the AIBP is periodically done by the Central Water Commission with the help of its regional offices situated all over the country.
This website is for Water Resources Management Support maharashtra. NRSC, ISRO and WRD, Maharashtra has initiated efforts for better utilization of information services through Bhuvan by active interaction, participation and contribution.
Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) under the Ministry of Rural Development was conceptualized and launched on 25th December, 2000 as a centrally sponsored scheme, with the broad objective of sustainable poverty reduction in rural areas. The main objective of PMGSY is to provide basic access by way of single all-weather road to all eligible unconnected habitations in the Core Network. Under PMGSY, approx. 6,26,034 km of length has been constructed till 31st March 2020. It is a challenge to manage such a gigantic activity using traditional methods, which is not only tedious and time-consuming but also difficult to ensure timely retrieval of the desired information. To overcome these difficulties, the use of Geo Informatics is taken up to help in effective planning, decision making and monitoring of PMGSY roads.
This website contains all the information about bhuvan collaborators. You can visit this website if you want to see a exhaustive list of bhuvan collaborators.
This website contains information on flood. This provides maps and various informations about flood.
This website contains information on drought. This provides maps and various informations about drought.
This website contains information on cyclone. This provides maps and various informations about cyclone.
This website contains information on earthquake. This provides maps and various informations about earthquake.
